Thank you for your comments.
Wu Xumou keeps it in mind
What are you guys doing?
market
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your attention.
Attend this party held by my king
Wang is very grateful
Mr. Wang, where did this come from?
You should show us your face.
We are honored to invite you
Stop spouting
Everyone eat and drink today and have fun
It is the greatest joy of my king
Sit down, Mr. Wang.
This party is so sudden
Are you okay?
You say it
We will try our best to solve it for you.
Just an ordinary party
Don't think too much.
I don't know what the rich are thinking
Let me see.
I don't know how long this cancer will last
This is actually my memorial service
I can live to see so many people come for me
I can go with peace of mind.
Mr. Wang, I have a present for you.
This is Mr Wang.
This is the new president of the royal family, Mr. Xu
What do young people like about your dress?
Cos hahaha
This is an ancestral elixir
cure all diseases
cure the disease
Really true
Even a terminal illness
Godfather, you are healthy and don't need to take this fake medicine.
Don't eat it up.
The richest man is the godfather
No wonder it's so arrogant and sloppy
Thank you for your kindness, Mr. Xu
You'd better keep your ancestral things